TASKS.md, before:

# Tasks

### Working


### Tasks

**Codespace Win**:
- [ ] (P1.5) Add using AutoHotkey to map shortcut to Em Dash
- [ ] (P1.5) Fix VSCode settings not backing up on initial install
- [ ] (P2) Configure personal PowerShell profile
- [ ] (P2) Install NeoVim for Windows (for PowerShell)
- [ ] (P2) Install 'trash' on Windows
- [ ] (P3) Add "simple" flag to pass in via command line that skips optional installs

**.zshrc**:
- [ ] (P1.5) Fix snapm bug with hidden files
- [ ] (P1.5) [zshrc]: Change the if check in fzf configuration in .zshrc to: `if [[ "$WSL_DISTRO_NAME" == "ubuntu" ]]; then`

- [ ] (P1) [nvim]: Add new keybinding shift+U in init.vim: `nnoremap U <C-r>`

### Done

- [x] (P1.5) [zshrc]: Add tesseract for Windows (11/03/24 06:09 PM)
- [x] (P1.5) [codespace-win]: Add optional install of VeraCrypt (11/03/24 05:10 PM)
- [x] Adding pre-commit hooks to sanitize TASKS.md in public branch (11/03/24 04:48 PM)





- [ ] Fix dotfiles PowerShell script to not redownload settings files in second pass (backups aren't found after first pass)

- [ ] Add fix in dotfiles for outdated WSL_INTEROP in .zshrc and .tmux.conf;

Commit message:

[zshrc]: Fixes fzf Ctrl+T for Ubuntu WSL by setting and using Ubuntu more robustly

TASKS.md, after:

# Tasks

### Working


### Tasks

**Codespace Win**:
- [ ] (P1.5) Fix VSCode settings not backing up on initial install
- [ ] (P2) Configure personal PowerShell profile
- [ ] (P2) Install NeoVim for Windows (for PowerShell)
- [ ] (P2) Install 'trash' on Windows
- [ ] (P3) Add "simple" flag to pass in via command line that skips optional installs

**.zshrc**:
- [ ] (P1.5) Fix snapm bug with hidden files

- [ ] (P1) [nvim]: Add new keybinding shift+U in init.vim: `nnoremap U <C-r>`

### Done

- [x] (P1.5) [zshrc]: Fix fzf Ctrl+T use of $OS_NAME (11/03/24 07:14 PM)
- [x] (P1.5) [codespace-win]: Add using AutoHotkey to map shortcut to Em Dash (11/03/24 07:06 PM)
- [x] (P1.5) [zshrc]: Add tesseract for Windows (11/03/24 06:09 PM)
- [x] (P1.5) [codespace-win]: Add optional install of VeraCrypt (11/03/24 05:10 PM)
- [x] Adding pre-commit hooks to sanitize TASKS.md in public branch (11/03/24 04:48 PM)





- [ ] Fix dotfiles PowerShell script to not redownload settings files in second pass (backups aren't found after first pass)

- [ ] Add fix in dotfiles for outdated WSL_INTEROP in .zshrc and .tmux.conf;
